EZP-31017: Marked unused and duplicated classes as deprecated (#1036)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/releases/ez_platform_v3.0_deprecations.md

`repository-forms` remains as an additional layer ensuring that your custom implementations that use the package will still work.
To use this repository, you have to add the package manually to your `composer.json`.

## eZ Platform v3.0.2

### ezplatform-admin-ui v3.0.2

> The following classes have been moved to EzPlatformContentForms Bundle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following classes have been moved to `EzPlatformContentFormsBundle`:
```

|`EzSystems\EzPlatformAdminUi\Form\Type\User\UserPasswordChangeType`|`EzSystems\EzPlatformUser\Form\Type\UserPasswordChangeType`|
|`EzSystems\EzPlatformAdminUi\Form\Type\User\UserPasswordForgotType`|`EzSystems\EzPlatformUser\Form\Type\UserPasswordForgotType`|
|`EzSystems\EzPlatformAdminUi\Form\Type\User\UserPasswordForgotWithLoginType`|`EzSystems\EzPlatformUser\Form\Type\UserPasswordForgotWithLoginType`|
|`EzSystems\EzPlatformAdminUi\Form\Type\User\UserPasswordResetType`|`EzSystems\EzPlatformUser\Form\Type\UserPasswordResetType`|
|`EzSystems\EzPlatformAdminUi\Validator\Constraints\Password`|`EzSystems\EzPlatformUser\Validator\Constraints\Password`|
|`EzSystems\EzPlatformAdminUi\Validator\ConstraintsPasswordValidator`|`EzSystems\EzPlatformUser\Validator\Constraints\PasswordValidator`|
|`EzSystems\EzPlatformAdminUi\Validator\Constraints\UserPassword`|`EzSystems\EzPlatformUser\Validator\Constraints\UserPassword`|
|`EzSystems\EzPlatformAdminUi\Validator\Constraints\UserPasswordValidator`|`EzSystems\EzPlatformUser\Validator\Constraints\UserPasswordValidator\ValidationErrorsProcessor`|

> The following methods have been moved to EzPlatformUser Bundle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following methods have been moved to `EzPlatformUserBundle`:
```

|Former method|Current method|
|------------|-------------|
|`EzSystems\EzPlatformAdminUi\Form\Factory\FormFactory::changeUserPassword`|`EzSystems\EzPlatformUser\Form\Factory\FormFactory::changeUserPassword`|
|`EzSystems\EzPlatformAdminUi\Form\Factory\FormFactory::forgotUserPassword`|`EzSystems\EzPlatformUser\Form\Factory\FormFactory::forgotUserPassword`|
|`EzSystems\EzPlatformAdminUi\Form\Factory\FormFactory::resetUserPassword`|`EzSystems\EzPlatformUser\Form\Factory\FormFactory::resetUserPassword`|
|`EzSystems\EzPlatformAdminUi\Form\Factory\FormFactory::updateUserSetting`|`EzSystems\EzPlatformUser\Form\Factory\FormFactory::updateUserSetting`|

> The following classes have been moved to EzPlatformContentForms Bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following classes have been moved to `EzPlatformContentFormsBundle`.
```
